I really want you to cook it.
Old man, I advise you to be more open-minded.
A new generation has replaced the wine drinker, and you have fallen behind.
Yes, they are all so busy.
You, you, you, these documents are all fake.
It’s really hard not to shed tears until I see the coffin.
Second brother, bring the documents and tell him to give up.
If you see no old thing, give up.
Everyone is optimistic, starting from today,
The provincial headquarters of Linjiang Province is no longer Jiangyang.
How come there is only one person transferring shares?
Jinjiang Jiangyang holds 25% of Jiangshi Group’s shares
Jiang Mian holds 5% of the shares
Jiang Yuhui holds 5% of the shares
Total 35%
Jiang Group's shares were transferred to it
All three had no objections
Shen Yiyi, who knows stocks
What the hell is going on, second brother?
Is it a good thing you did?